Curt McDonald: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi, Chris, how are you
Curt McDonald: Hi, I'm good, how are you
Magalie Marcellus: Good. How are things going with you.
Curt McDonald: Oh,
Curt McDonald: Things are finally looking up.
Curt McDonald: After being sick for a month and a half.
Magalie Marcellus: What happened.
Curt McDonald: Oh, I just, I don't know. I had that flu bug really really mad. I just could not get really
I mean I literally
Curt McDonald: Bed rest bed ridden for a month and and I've never been sick and my life.
Oh, wow.
Curt McDonald: Yeah.
Curt McDonald: And but yeah beaten on their own, but it's picking up on back to work.
Magalie Marcellus: Again on that floor has been going on.
Curt McDonald: Oh yeah, there's something bag around, that's for sure.
Magalie Marcellus: So you feel much better now.
Curt McDonald: Oh, yeah. Oh, I feel 200% better
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I'm happy to
Magalie Marcellus: SEE YOU SEE YOU BACK AT WORK. WHAT ARE YOU DOING AGAIN FOR
Curt McDonald: Work. Yeah.
Curt McDonald: I finally got back to where I rehab houses and stuff.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Curt McDonald: New repair or remodels or whatever.
Curt McDonald: And this is everything right now I'm
Working
Curt McDonald: Yeah. Well, right now I'm working on a job out of state. So that was my first job of the year and or I could take after being sick for a month and a half.
Magalie Marcellus: So were you on a
Curt McDonald: While I'm at home for the weekend.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so the job is, well, it's think
Curt McDonald: Your job is in Kentucky.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, so you drive there.
Curt McDonald: Yes, well I ride with somebody else that's working out there so
Magalie Marcellus: So how long do you stay there for a job.
Curt McDonald: For the week at a time. Not come home on the weekend.
Magalie Marcellus: How long is the drive.
Curt McDonald: How long is the drive.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, to go back and
Corey.
Curt McDonald: See, probably about
Curt McDonald: Three and a half hours.
Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Curt McDonald: And my phone starting act funny, but I don't know how much that I have left so
Magalie Marcellus: Oh geez has been the issue for Dan in Ohio. I don't know if it's the weather, what's going on because
Magalie Marcellus: Everybody's been having internet issues. Oh, yeah.
Curt McDonald: Yeah, I definitely say it's the weather.
Huh.
Curt McDonald: It affects everything
Magalie Marcellus: So is it snowing on your end, or is it just the rain.
Curt McDonald: Yes, yeah. Oh, no, it's snowing down here, bad. We got a storm coming this evening.
Curt McDonald: We only and we just overnight. Yeah, just overnight. We had like four or five inches of snow and today we had snow and ice mix. And now, tonight we're supposed to get more ice on top of that. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow, did they close the
Magalie Marcellus: Businesses and other stuff on that one.
Yeah, they said.
Curt McDonald: They said, Yeah, they'll shut down.
Magalie Marcellus: Yep.
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, so with group has has that one for you.
Curt McDonald: Oh, great.
Curt McDonald: Mark couldn't ask for anything more.
Magalie Marcellus: On your
Curt McDonald: Order bright heart. I don't
Curt McDonald: Oh yeah, why the
Curt McDonald: Was it last.
Curt McDonald: Week. No, I think it was a week before last, I couldn't make it. But I'd let her know I let her know and everything and
Magalie Marcellus: kept in contact with her and was enough.
Curt McDonald: On her back and forth.
Curt McDonald: Mm hmm. But yeah, I broke
Curt McDonald: My phone went sliding off the roof.
Curt McDonald: And it took the
Curt McDonald: The fast way down.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, it took me three or
Curt McDonald: Four days.
Magalie Marcellus: Did a smartphone Melton
Magalie Marcellus: So he was a boy.
Curt McDonald: Oh, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Completely G.
Curt McDonald: Three stories and hit. See, man.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow.
Magalie Marcellus: That's a beat and Fisher.
Magalie Marcellus: What do you say, the way you communicate with everybody, to make sure that you know
Why you could
Curt McDonald: Be up and I got my new phone before the very next group. So they will make it
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Yeah. Yes. Because it's important. So at least notify people in those things going on. So, we
Curt McDonald: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: Oh yeah, yeah, why not attending
Magalie Marcellus: And, um, any he has
Magalie Marcellus: Had things going with the medication, are you putting my safe, stable right now cravings. Oh.
Curt McDonald: Yes. Nope, it's going. Excellent.
Curt McDonald: Yep. The doctrine and john they both work, make sure that there's no se
Curt McDonald: It's a May it amazes me that I get more
Curt McDonald: And more
Curt McDonald: Personalization from a doctor online than I do actually face to face.
Well,
It's just
Curt McDonald: Yeah, just making any. But yeah, like I said, I don't do good in in crowds are out being out and and you know with a bunch of people and meeting.
Magalie Marcellus: This is perfect. But that's how it works. So you study, but I'll put this debate in the group meeting and that doesn't
Curt McDonald: Yeah, no matter where I'm at.
Curt McDonald: In a bar.
Curt McDonald: I'm out.
Curt McDonald: I'm out of state when the meeting home I can
Curt McDonald: Still attend
Magalie Marcellus: Gun right
Curt McDonald: Around a book.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: And that's the hope you know the flexibility. So as people
Magalie Marcellus: Right, and you're in wherever that's comfortable for you, whether it's at home or wherever you know that you can be available and still feel that you get in, you know, the treatment that you need.
Magalie Marcellus: But does that mean at least that's working out for you now. Has there been any and then or situation where you felt that you wanted to use
No.
Magalie Marcellus: Have you been around. Anybody from the past that we're
Magalie Marcellus: Using any
Magalie Marcellus: Friends, you
Curt McDonald: Know I stay away from people. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Nobody
Magalie Marcellus: With right now.
Curt McDonald: No I don't allow myself to get in those situations.
Curt McDonald: No.
No, ma'am.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so as the home life situation.
Curt McDonald: Is going pretty, pretty good. I mean, the holidays was rough, but
Curt McDonald: When
Curt McDonald: Everything's back to normal now.
Magalie Marcellus: Well,
Curt McDonald: Holidays are hard because my
Magalie Marcellus: Mom was gone and. Gotcha.
Curt McDonald: There were big what
Holidays. So, yes.
Right.
Curt McDonald: Holidays. You're seeing a big thing for me.
Magalie Marcellus: Then don't you have your little ones that you're helping out with
Curt McDonald: One. Well, yeah. Maria I got my nieces and nephews.
Magalie Marcellus: Me. Oh.
Curt McDonald: Yes, I got to watch
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Curt McDonald: No. Um, yeah, we're in the same household
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you guys in the same hospital.
Magalie Marcellus: What do you not the primary caretaker. What I mean like that.
No.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And your with your, is your fiance all. What's the title.
Magalie Marcellus: Your signal, though with my fiance.
Curt McDonald: Well,
Curt McDonald: Tomorrow,
Curt McDonald: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: You guys are in the same house all
Curt McDonald: Know, huh.
Magalie Marcellus: You're not in the same house or you and your
Curt McDonald: What's your name again though. No, no, Jessica.
Magalie Marcellus: And Jessica. Okay.
Curt McDonald: Yes, yeah. She has her own place. I mean, I'm there part time and and home part time but now that I'm working there.
Curt McDonald: They are
Magalie Marcellus: Right. So in between the 20 cents.
Magalie Marcellus: So how do you, how do you maintain that relationship when we when you're done all those times.
Curt McDonald: Oh, it's fine. She knows that if she wants to I'm staying in a motel room so she knows what she wants to she can come down, stay for a couple days or whatever. But she's got her own stuff that she's handling now and
Curt McDonald: She's just moved and she's getting in, she got into a new place. So she didn't want that.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: And you guys have any kids in common.
Curt McDonald: No, no.
Curt McDonald: She's got one boy and he's 18 and already lives out of the house and all my kids are grown
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, you mentioned you had grandchildren.
Curt McDonald: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: I you seen them. They can be
Curt McDonald: pleased to see that.
Curt McDonald: Now, yeah. I don't see them very much because of their, their
Curt McDonald: Clan Mothers
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right, you keep in contact with the young children with your adult children.
Curt McDonald: Oh, yes, yes, yes. Yes, always.
Curt McDonald: Yeah, my three daughters living in Columbus and my son lives in Springfield.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And I was in contact and
Magalie Marcellus: And the youngest
Son
Curt McDonald: And my son. He's oh my god he got great job. He went all the way through school graduated and got a scholarship for basketball and I need to hold off on a
Magalie Marcellus: Couple years he wanted to
Curt McDonald: Work and say,
Curt McDonald: So he can take care of yourself while I was in college.
Magalie Marcellus: Online stuff. I'm so he's a sentence, call it done.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm sorry you cut out yes oh yes son is he still in school, or is it done with school now.
Curt McDonald: No, no, he's done with school he's his next school be college when he decides to go
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: But you say you went to work and I
Magalie Marcellus: Get decent job. Not right now.
Curt McDonald: Right now he is the head of the big shot out it's 100 plant.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh no, my worry
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Curt McDonald: Oh, yeah. Yeah, you got it together.
Magalie Marcellus: He when He gets ready to go back to school. Maybe they can't pay for school in
Curt McDonald: Yet. Well, he got a scholarship
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Curt McDonald: To go
Curt McDonald: To go to college.
For basketball.
Curt McDonald: But yeah, he decided to hold off for a couple years, you could make your money.
Magalie Marcellus: Do what you do well and sometimes it's not always a college degree, I've been enough money so
Curt McDonald: If you have some skills already and you can
Magalie Marcellus: Make money and now
Magalie Marcellus: People think
Curt McDonald: He's got a girl.
Curt McDonald: He's in love with
Magalie Marcellus: And she got a little baby daughter and
Curt McDonald: They just got a nice, they just got their first home.
Curt McDonald: On three acres and
Curt McDonald: Oh yeah yeah don't have no worries about
Magalie Marcellus: 10 you must be
Very
Curt McDonald: Nice.
Evening.
Magalie Marcellus: Everything okay
Curt McDonald: Yeah yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, alright, so I know in the past, some of the goals that you wanted to work on was employment. So that's pretty much it. So you have that same kind of steady employment rate now.
Curt McDonald: Yep, got knocked out.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so why would the license.
Curt McDonald: I'm still working.
Curt McDonald: I'm working on it. But I sent in. I did get around. I sent in my paperwork to get the ball rolling. So now I'm when I get time off during the week, I have to go to Columbus and deal with the the
BMP and Columbia. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So that's the process.
Magalie Marcellus: Getting it's the fees and stuff like that. Right.
Curt McDonald: Yes. Yes, baby steps. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So how do you get around now.
Curt McDonald: Um, well, my fiance jars me around. I have a vehicle, but I have heard of Dr. Anytime I need to go anywhere. But I'm a homebody i don't i don't go anywhere. I'm going to associate with little body and
Curt McDonald: I stay out of trouble that way.
Magalie Marcellus: That helps for sure. And when you have to work, you go with somebody else come get you.
Magalie Marcellus: Under yes this job.
Curt McDonald: Yep, yep.
Curt McDonald: A guy comes from guy comes from Columbus and picked me up. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: What city you're in again.
Curt McDonald: Mansfield
Magalie Marcellus: minstrels oh
Curt McDonald: Yeah, Columbus is about 45 minutes away so
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And so the job you're doing now. Do you know how long does it take the one that's out of the area.
Curt McDonald: You keep breaking up.
Magalie Marcellus: I was saying, can you hear me.
Curt McDonald: Yeah, I hear you just wake up every now and
Curt McDonald: Okay, free
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I know that sometimes that happens on the other end, but I can see when it happens so just let me know.
Magalie Marcellus: All yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Now is saying the job that you're doing in Kentucky. Do you know how long that's gonna last
Curt McDonald: Well, we're probably looking at another month at least
Curt McDonald: An apartment. It's an apartment building.
Magalie Marcellus: Is a couple of stories.
Curt McDonald: Yes, three. So if you're up on a
Curt McDonald: Three story that
Curt McDonald: Takes time but there's only two stories.
Magalie Marcellus: There's five minutes. Gotcha. Okay. Yep.
Magalie Marcellus: So you do all type of construction, so I you
Magalie Marcellus: Oh yes, kill with something specific.
Curt McDonald: I'm just anything from the basement.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow, okay.
Curt McDonald: Yeah, yeah, I've done anything and everything.
Magalie Marcellus: And stuff that I don't like.
Curt McDonald: I'll do that. The money's good
Magalie Marcellus: You know, sometimes that happens.
Curt McDonald: Yeah.
Curt McDonald: Some money money.
Magalie Marcellus: If it's for the right right
Curt McDonald: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Um, any issues are you with smoking for you.
Curt McDonald: Yes, I do smoke cigarettes. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you working on any
Magalie Marcellus: The Christian stopping
Curt McDonald: One. Well now that I'm working on back to work. I'm slowing down a lot.
Okay.
Curt McDonald: Because when I wasn't when I was just laying around not working even being sick.
Curt McDonald: I was smoking a lot
Magalie Marcellus: Even when you were sick.
Curt McDonald: But yeah
Magalie Marcellus: How do you do
Magalie Marcellus: Sleep.
Oh,
Curt McDonald: Baby
Dedication
Curt McDonald: Dedication
Magalie Marcellus: I feel like when you do anything even smokes.
Curt McDonald: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: And has you
Magalie Marcellus: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: So how much is considered
Curt McDonald: Well, when I'm staying
Curt McDonald: In a motel room. I get a lot more sleep.
Curt McDonald: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Really some reason that's change.
Magalie Marcellus: Your mind.
Magalie Marcellus: Somewhere.
Magalie Marcellus: Right somewhere that's like
Magalie Marcellus: You're not familiar with what does that work for you.
Working from day I
Curt McDonald: Or work.
Curt McDonald: In daylight till dark
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I'm pretty
Curt McDonald: Tired, but
Curt McDonald: So that
Curt McDonald: I got a shower and get some
Magalie Marcellus: Time for bed.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, because you're working long hours.
Yep.
Magalie Marcellus: Any issues with anxiety, depression for you right now.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you have
Magalie Marcellus: Any issues with anxiety or depression.
Magalie Marcellus: Than a
Curt McDonald: Woman, there was when I was sick.
Magalie Marcellus: Which fight.
Curt McDonald: You know, I was anxious and depressed that I couldn't
Curt McDonald: Do anything I
Magalie Marcellus: Do your work and things. Okay.
Curt McDonald: Yeah, we're makes me feel
Curt McDonald: Better
Magalie Marcellus: Now, were you at home alone or with somebody there to help you.
Curt McDonald: And well, my fiance was there. Okay, but yeah.
Curt McDonald: I didn't want her getting too close to me. I kept her to
Get
Magalie Marcellus: Right, you didn't want to. Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Curt McDonald: So it was rough.
Magalie Marcellus: So you had to get medication to forget better
Curt McDonald: Oh, yeah.
Curt McDonald: Yeah, I was going to antibiotics, the whole time and it just would not kick it. I had to go back the emergency room couple times.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, man.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow, that's a long time.
It was bad.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow.
Curt McDonald: Have you had the flu before and
Curt McDonald: Not like that.
Curt McDonald: Or
Curt McDonald: Remove
Magalie Marcellus: Did you did you have the flu vaccine this season.
Curt McDonald: No, no, I don't get vaccinated
Magalie Marcellus: Or you don't
Curt McDonald: Never have never know. I've never had to worry about it because I've never get sick, but now I'm my body's a little older now so I'm gonna have to start thinking about it.
Magalie Marcellus: Some build up your, your immune system because, you know, like say I would get older, things are less active. Yeah.
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: But yeah, I know, even down in Florida is about people getting sick with some type of viral infection go
Curt McDonald: To go around everywhere. And then there's
Magalie Marcellus: A that
Curt McDonald: Cause water is cold.
Yeah.
Curt McDonald: I should
Curt McDonald: I should have said Budweiser
Corona
You know, hey,
Curt McDonald: People that actually
Curt McDonald: Put on Facebook. The Corona beer virus, they was asking questions, if they
Curt McDonald: Say no, it's it came from.
Curt McDonald: Drinking that Corona beer. Oh, yeah.
Curt McDonald: And they were serious to. I mean, come on.
Magalie Marcellus: Man.
Magalie Marcellus: While yet.
Because
Magalie Marcellus: You can never be sure if
Magalie Marcellus: You know webinar.
Curt McDonald: You have to do your own
Magalie Marcellus: And get it from
Magalie Marcellus: reputable sources, because people
Curt McDonald: Put
All kinds
Curt McDonald: Of what you read.
Magalie Marcellus: What you see essentially those platforms because a lot of it are made of stuff so
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Hopefully you
Magalie Marcellus: Know. Some people think that everything is there is a truth.
Magalie Marcellus: So he put a
Magalie Marcellus: Man on those things.
Curt McDonald: Yeah, that's all they do is is
Curt McDonald: No, not me.
Magalie Marcellus: You have better things to do.
Curt McDonald: You know, we find something
Magalie Marcellus: Something
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: So, um, what do you do for stress relief.
Curt McDonald: Work.
Magalie Marcellus: Relief
Magalie Marcellus: Something to get your mind.
Magalie Marcellus: I know some people love to work. But even that, you know, it takes a toll on your body. So you need something that you know distressing.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, besides work. Oh, yeah. Well, I mean,
Curt McDonald: Right now, that's it. I mean, I watch movies.
Magalie Marcellus: Every now and then.
Curt McDonald: Or whatever it is.
Curt McDonald: But I don't
Curt McDonald: I don't go out where I don't do nothing, which is something I want to start doing. I mean not going out to a bar or into that. That's just not me like
Magalie Marcellus: Just getting out and
Curt McDonald: So,
Curt McDonald: When the weather breaks. I'll go start fishing and
Curt McDonald: I don't want it. So, so it because
Everybody
Curt McDonald: I don't know it's here in Mansfield, it's a lot different than Columbus even
Curt McDonald: Cow.
Curt McDonald: But it's a special kind of, it's a special kind of stupid in Mansfield
Curt McDonald: I mean, I don't know.
Curt McDonald: How else to put it
Magalie Marcellus: What are they
Doing
Curt McDonald: I don't know if it's some
Curt McDonald: Other or what everybody's
Curt McDonald: addicted to heroin.
Magalie Marcellus: I know there's a been
Magalie Marcellus: In Ohio. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Everybody, which is unfortunate.
Curt McDonald: IT'S NOT PILL, it's
Heroin and fentanyl
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Man, those are those heavy
Magalie Marcellus: And I don't get it.
Curt McDonald: Right, I don't know. Yeah, no, I could never
Curt McDonald: Yeah, and that's a
Curt McDonald: dangerous thing to do. So once you know people get on that.
Magalie Marcellus: It's hard to
Magalie Marcellus: Get off. So
Curt McDonald: Oh yeah yeah I don't mess with nothing like that.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm. Have you ever done any like other support group outside of my heart, like any anything of that nature.
Magalie Marcellus: No, no.
Curt McDonald: Like I said, I'm not
Curt McDonald: I'm not very good and around people because
Magalie Marcellus: Social setting.
Curt McDonald: A lot of people are not there for their sobriety. A lot of people
Curt McDonald: Other people
Curt McDonald: Go party with afterwards you know that
Magalie Marcellus: Back to in the same
Curt McDonald: Situation they they're
Curt McDonald: There in the meeting and they're sitting there talking about banking, you know, putting stuff in arrangers all excited
Curt McDonald: Talking about it and they start
Curt McDonald: talking back and forth and licking their lip.
Magalie Marcellus: The end you're not as I
Magalie Marcellus: Get started. So, yeah, yeah. That's unfortunate.
Magalie Marcellus: Get help
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Curt McDonald: You know, I know.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, create issues for you later on.
Magalie Marcellus: So what about with your fiance. What do you guys do together.
Curt McDonald: Oh well, she always has been dragging me around to the thrift stores or
To the mall.
Magalie Marcellus: Or you go with that a company
Curt McDonald: Well, I was shopping I go shopping with her and I'll
Curt McDonald: Go first or and I'll be in there about
Curt McDonald: 20 minutes and I'm ready to go sit in the vein and wait for her.
Magalie Marcellus: She goes, she she
Curt McDonald: Yeah.
Curt McDonald: Yeah, she appreciates the ride, anyway.
Magalie Marcellus: So anything special plan for tomorrow.
Curt McDonald: I don't know, I haven't decided yet. Oh no, I'm going to take her somewhere. I want to fix something with the house.
Magalie Marcellus: I got a bunch of
Curt McDonald: Little cutesy stuff for
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, do you cook, she'll be
Curt McDonald: She'll be happy. Oh, yes.
Magalie Marcellus: You're not okay.
Curt McDonald: Oh yes, I took on their art and private school
Curt McDonald: Oh, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Hey,
Curt McDonald: You love the good
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Curt McDonald: I guess that's one of my stress reliever to, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: I guess that's something I'm thinking, okay,
Curt McDonald: Yeah, but I'm not since I've been staying
Curt McDonald: At home more often. I haven't been cooking, very much. I don't know why.
Curt McDonald: I would
Curt McDonald: Know when I go to my house. That's my cook.
Curt McDonald: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you could
Curt McDonald: Yeah, well, if I cook here. If I have to cook for an army.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, there's more people
Curt McDonald: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well that makes sense.
Curt McDonald: For me and her
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I can understand that because the, you know, you can't just cook for one if there's more than one person in the household.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, right.
Magalie Marcellus: So any other goals that you need to work on.
Magalie Marcellus: In the near future.
Curt McDonald: Oh, just, I'm going to stay focused, one thing at a time. And I think that's going to have to be my license.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay so continue the work then and working game license.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you seeing that one golden
Curt McDonald: easier that way.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, so you don't get or anything like that any medical condition that you need to see
Magalie Marcellus: Your primary doctor for
Curt McDonald: Nope.
Curt McDonald: Not now that I know.
Magalie Marcellus: There's no medical issues that you need any ongoing care for anything like that. We said what you just had
No.
Curt McDonald: Right. No.
Curt McDonald: No. So far so good.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, that's good. I know it's when you're healthy when you sick. That's when you know important it is to be healthy.
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm sure you know after
Magalie Marcellus: It's happened to you. Oh yes, you do what you need to do to stay healthy.
Curt McDonald: Oh yes, for sure.
Magalie Marcellus: And, you know, taking anything for sleeping any pills, anything like that.
Curt McDonald: Tries to do
Magalie Marcellus: So you do
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, that's
Curt McDonald: What I'll take a track on if I need it.
Magalie Marcellus: So that was prescribed by Dr. Jamison, yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Just as needed.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. So since you've been with the program any events that happened that, you know, was a concern for that might have
Magalie Marcellus: Either impacted your recovery at all. Anything in the recent past.
Curt McDonald: Um, no. I mean, besides
Curt McDonald: Um,
Curt McDonald: I don't know how to explain. Dr. Jamie with my insurance, the way it is, they only pay for
Curt McDonald: 16 milligrams a day, which is two pills a day.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Curt McDonald: And I, I just had to work it out that well. The doctor worked it out with me, actually, where
Curt McDonald: I talked to my pharmacist and they located where they bill my insurance for the two a day and then I pay extra for
Magalie Marcellus: Da Peyton Manning so
Curt McDonald: Okay.
Curt McDonald: But it's been helpful way I can stay in two and a half. Because yes, I was at two for even before I came to you guys.
Curt McDonald: Uh huh. And I was stuck it to
Magalie Marcellus: Me and when she
Curt McDonald: When she said that she would want me a
Curt McDonald: And to nap. And it's my art. Yes, I'm more stable and it helped
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So then you just have to
Magalie Marcellus: Be without reference
Curt McDonald: Okay, yeah, that's now it's like 30 bucks every two weeks.
It's not bad.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, that was able to work because that's that's keeping you more stable that way. Okay.
Curt McDonald: Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Magalie Marcellus: And how long you been under Suboxone
Curt McDonald: For
Curt McDonald: About eight months now, I believe.
Curt McDonald: It hasn't quite been a year yet.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Because he was somewhere else before you started with them right heart.
Curt McDonald: I was with the local doctor and
Curt McDonald: Miserable. It was just like a
Curt McDonald: conveyor belt.
Curt McDonald: You know, people
Curt McDonald: Go in. Yeah, you just go in, you drop you.
Curt McDonald: Do the drug test downstairs minutes and then you walk out mean there was no personal attention.
Magalie Marcellus: And how did you find by hot again.
Curt McDonald: Just by chance. Somebody told me about it on faith that they seen it on Facebook or online.
Curt McDonald: And looking online somewhere.
Curt McDonald: Somebody seen it online and
Magalie Marcellus: Then you're researching from there.
Magalie Marcellus: Yep. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And it's a lot of program is word of mouth. And if somebody gets on right successful on it. Of course you're with somebody else will help them out. So
Yes, yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, what are you grateful for kindness.
Curt McDonald: Oh, I'm always grateful for you guys.
Curt McDonald: Every i mean
Curt McDonald: If the sense in the few months I've
Curt McDonald: gotten so much better that thinking and dealing and koeppen just everything
Curt McDonald: I'm grateful to be back to work and not sick, no more.
Magalie Marcellus: Sick.
Curt McDonald: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: And you attend which group again.
Curt McDonald: The Tuesday group.
Magalie Marcellus: What time
Magalie Marcellus: And, um, and you say nobody else in your family right now that you enter with as any issues with substance that could pack you
Curt McDonald: Nope, nope, nope, nope.
Curt McDonald: My sister.
Curt McDonald: 1662 or 61
Curt McDonald: Yeah, so she angle.
That time I was pass
Curt McDonald: Way, way back
Curt McDonald: She never did anything either.
Curt McDonald: I mean, she probably smoked a little, little freeze, but that's about it.
Magalie Marcellus: And nothing which I know your son is doing any substance whenever your kids.
Curt McDonald: Nope. No.
Magalie Marcellus: Very good.
Curt McDonald: Yes, I'm blessed
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, so, um,
Magalie Marcellus: That's pretty much the update now.
Magalie Marcellus: It will be, you know, depending if there's any issues. And if you feel a need to have ongoing session, we can always set up things but for now on
Magalie Marcellus: The updates. Typically, we do it in every three months or so.
Curt McDonald: Right, right.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. So if it's not me. Somebody will reach out to you unless there's something that's going on that will show that you need to meet with me then Dr. Jamison or john somebody would reach out to me to make sure that we get connected
Magalie Marcellus: Right. You're at overall sounds like you're
Magalie Marcellus: Doing pretty good on the program, which I'm happy to hear and united some that you you stay on track back, you said you know you you have
Curt McDonald: Yeah baby steps.
Magalie Marcellus: So hopefully next time I talk to you because I want to license.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, yeah.
Curt McDonald: Then on to the next one makes
Magalie Marcellus: Right and just
Magalie Marcellus: Take care of yourself and or some some illness. They just come
You don't look right.
Magalie Marcellus: However, whatever you can do to stay healthy. That's important.
Curt McDonald: Your motor that
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah now now model that bug that's going
Magalie Marcellus: On stay wine.
Curt McDonald: In Ohio. Right.
Curt McDonald: Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Your winter.
Curt McDonald: It's supposed to be minus one overnight.
Magalie Marcellus: Minus one.
Magalie Marcellus: I'll stay in Florida, so
Magalie Marcellus: Slow and on top of it. Now, that's okay.
Magalie Marcellus: I show for you guys. And that's those type of
Magalie Marcellus: Weather and as difficult
Curt McDonald: As
Curt McDonald: Someone
Curt McDonald: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: As the end of the light stays on you. Have you guys have like furnace and stuff. Wait.
Magalie Marcellus: So you'll get yo yo
Curt McDonald: So, oh yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Have to sci fi away from the elements out of that song. Yes.
Curt McDonald: Should be fine. Stay inside
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, well I'm so all the best. Again, if you need to reach me. I'm always, you know, to myself. The best to be available. If not, I try to figure out, or maybe somebody else can assist me, but
Magalie Marcellus: Not issues you know will at some point you'll get a ido color email to schedule with me and
Magalie Marcellus: We'll deal with it.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
No problem.
Magalie Marcellus: I appreciate your time and keeping your appointment on time so
Curt McDonald: Thank you. I was, I was going there yesterday.
Magalie Marcellus: I saw that
Magalie Marcellus: I had a I had another appointment on the same time.
Magalie Marcellus: What am I okay I thought I saw your for today.
Curt McDonald: Right there, do
Magalie Marcellus: We get confused. No worries. I'm glad that you will remember you have a
Magalie Marcellus: Right to make up with it.
Magalie Marcellus: Appreciate that.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, I will take care of yourself and you have a good night and stay warm.
Curt McDonald: YouTube and
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. All right, take care.
Curt McDonald: Bye.